# qosf-submission

This is my submission for Task 2 where I have implemented Grover's algorithm.
My idea was to encode the list as the "bad" state vector of Grover's algorithm. I used Qiskit's initialize function for this which I have assumed to be $O(1)$, or $< O(N = 2^n)$ otherwise there is no point since classically solvable in $O(N)$ time. (Bitwise XOR, or using sum of the elements). I found a paper - https://arxiv.org/pdf/quant-ph/9807054.pdf - but it also takes $O(N)$ time to encode in amplitudes, hence the assumption.

Now it seems in my implementation, the checking function I made seems to flip the "bad" states, which basically makes my Grover's algorithm amplify all the bad states, considering them "good" (so well it works correctly but in the wrong direction). I thought by applying just a global phase of (-1) would mean I just flipped the good state effectively (since flipping all bad states and flipping them back should be equivalent to flipping just the good state?). But that doesn't seem to help either. To be very honest, I am stumped and time is well, up. Maybe I should have gone with another task, but I was busy with a very hectic academic semester so I didn't get time (the main qosf event runs during my vacations, so I will be able to do much more) and then commit to this and so I request you still consider. I hope my mistake wasn't too silly. Regardless of selection, whoever evaluates me, if you could tell me my mistake or provide the solution I'd be delighted because I expect this will bug me for many days.
